Update apps docs (#805)
mattermost/mattermost-developer-documentation: site/content/integrate/apps/interactivity/_index.md

They are defined by:

| Name               | Type   | Description                                                                                    |
| :----------------- | :----- | :--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `title`            | string | Title of the form, shown in the modal.                                                         |
| `header`           | string | (Optional) Text used as introduction in the form.                                              |
| `footer`           | string | (Optional) Text used at the end of the modal.                                                  |
| `call`             | Call   | Call to perform for this form.                                                                 |
| `submit_buttons`   | string | (Optional) Key of the field to be used as the submit buttons. Must be of type `static_select`. |

> | `cancel_button`    | string | (Optional) Adds a default "Cancel" button in the modal view.                                   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `cancel_button`    | string | (Optional) Adds a default **Cancel** button in the modal view.                                   |
```

All fields include ([godoc](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/mattermost/mattermost-plugin-apps/apps#Field)):

| Name          | Type      | Description                                            |
| :------------ | :-------- | :----------------------------------------------------- |

> | `name`        | string    | Key to use in the Values field of the call.            |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `name`        | string    | Key to use in the values field of the call.            |
```

Text fields may include:

| Name         | Type   | Description                                                                                                                      |
| :----------- | :----- | :------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | `subtype`    | string | (Optional) The type of text that will be shown. Available types are one of text, textarea, email, number, password, tel, or url. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `subtype`    | string | (Optional) The type of text that will be shown. Available types are one of text, textarea, email, number, password, tel, or URL. |
```

| `min_length` | int    | (Optional) Validate the field length before performing the call.                                                                 |
| `max_length` | int    | (Optional) Validate the field length before performing the call.                                                                 |

Static select fields include:

| Name      | Type    | Description               |
| :-------- | :------ | :------------------------ |
| `options` | Options | Options for the dropdown. |

Each Option includes:

| Name    | Type   | Description           |
| :------ | :----- | :-------------------- |

> | `label` | string | User facing string.   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `label` | string | User-facing string.   |
```

> | `value` | string | Machine facing value. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `value` | string | Machine-facing value. |
```

All select also include:

| Name      | Type | Description                                                                         |
| :-------- | :--- | :---------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `refresh` | bool | (Optional) Allows the form to be refreshed when the value of a dropdown is changed. |

> A modal form performs a lookup call to the call endpoint any time a dynamic dropdown is selected. The lookup call will include in the context the app id, the user id, the channel id, and the team id. The values will be populated with the current values of the form. The expected response is error or the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A modal form performs a lookup call to the call endpoint any time a dynamic dropdown is selected. The lookup call includes in the context the app ID, the user ID, the channel ID, and the team ID. The values are populated with the current values of the form. The expected response is error or the following:
```

| `min_length` | int    | (Optional) Validate the field length before performing the call.                                                                 |
| `max_length` | int    | (Optional) Validate the field length before performing the call.                                                                 |

Static select fields include:

| Name      | Type    | Description               |
| :-------- | :------ | :------------------------ |
| `options` | Options | Options for the dropdown. |

Each Option includes:

| Name    | Type   | Description           |
| :------ | :----- | :-------------------- |
| `label` | string | User-facing string.   |
| `value` | string | Machine-facing value. |

All select also include:

| Name      | Type | Description                                                                         |
| :-------- | :--- | :---------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `refresh` | bool | (Optional) Allows the form to be refreshed when the value of a dropdown is changed. |

> A modal form performs a lookup call to the call endpoint any time a dynamic dropdown is selected. The lookup call includes in the context the app ID, the user ID, the channel ID, and the team ID. The values are populated with the current values of the form. The expected response is error or the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A modal form performs a lookup call to the call endpoint any time a dynamic dropdown is selected. The lookup call will include in the context the app ID, the user ID, the channel ID, and the team ID. The values will be populated with the current values of the form. The expected response is error or the following:
```

Reviewer: I realized that my tense change doesn't fit into the documentation as I expected, so I've changed it back.

| Name | Type    | Item    | Description                  |
| :--- | :------ | :------ | :--------------------------- |
| data |         |         |                              |
| -    | `items` | Options | The list of options to show. |

> If any select has the refresh value set as true, a form call to the call endpoint any time the select changes value. The form call will include in the context the app ID, the user ID, the channel ID, and the team ID. The values will be populated with the current values of the form. The expected response is a form response. The whole form will be updated with the new form.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If any select has the refresh value set as `true`, a form call to the call endpoint happens any time the select changes value. The form call will include in the context the app ID, the user ID, the channel ID, and the team ID. The values will be populated with the current values of the form. The expected response is a form response. The whole form will be updated with the new form.
```

On submit, the submit call to the call endpoint will be sent. The submit call will include in the context the app ID, the user ID, the channel ID, and the team ID. The values will be populated with the current values of the form.

## Commands as forms

> Commands arguments are treated as forms. When a leaf command is typed, the arguments of the command are fetched. If the command binding has a Form attached, those will be used. If not, a form call will be made to the command call. The call will include in the context the app ID, user ID, the post ID, the root post ID if any, the channel ID and the team ID. The call will expect a form response.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Commands arguments are treated as forms. When a leaf command is typed, the arguments of the command are fetched. If the command binding has a form attached, those will be used. If not, a form call will be made to the command call. The call will include in the context the app ID, user ID, the post ID, the root post ID (if any), the channel ID, and the team ID. The call will expect a form response.
```

All fields include:

| Name          | Type      | Description                                                             |
| :------------ | :-------- | :---------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | `name`        | string    | Key to use in the Values field of the call, and as part of the command. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `name`        | string    | Key to use in the values field of the call, and as part of the command. |
```

Options are defined as:

| Name        | Type   | Description                          |
| :---------- | :----- | :----------------------------------- |
| `label`     | string | User-facing string.                  |
| `value`     | string | Machine-facing value.                |
| `icon_data` | string | URL to icon to show on autocomplete. |

> When the command is executed, a submit call will be performed on the call endpoint. The call will include in the context the app ID, user ID, the post ID, the root post ID if any, the channel ID and the team ID.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the command is executed, a submit call will be performed on the call endpoint. The call will include in the context the app ID, user ID, the post ID, the root post ID if any, the channel ID, and the team ID.
```

Options are defined as:

| Name        | Type   | Description                          |
| :---------- | :----- | :----------------------------------- |

> | `label`     | string | User facing string.                  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `label`     | string | User-facing string.                  |
```

> | `value`     | string | Machine facing value.                |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `value`     | string | Machine-facing value.                |
```

> Posts can be embedded with bindings. These are used for asynchronous interaction with the user. In order to add an embedded binding you need to add an “app_bindings” property with a list of EmbeddedBindings. An EmbeddedBinding includes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Posts can be embedded with bindings. These are used for asynchronous interaction with the user. In order to add an embedded binding you need to add an `app_bindings` property with a list of `EmbeddedBindings`. An `EmbeddedBinding` includes:
```

Options bindings include:

| Name       | Type   | Description                                                                                                        |
| :--------- | :----- | :----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `location` | string | Option name. The whole location path will be provided in the context.                                              |

> | `label`    | string | User facing string.                                                                                                |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `label`    | string | User-facing string.                                                                                                |
```
